1. Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
     Liam (the owner of the DriverPass) alongside Ian (Information Technology Officer) wanted to take advantage of the fact that there aren't a lot of companies out there that help young drivers prepare for their DMV test in order to get their license. Given this void in       the market, Liam was hoping to profit off of a web-based application that allows users to purchase certain "packages" that contain a certain amount of lessons in which each user could schedule these paid lessons in order to get a better understanding of driving and        get more comfortable before they end up taking the test.
2. What did you do particularly well?
     I feel I broke down this huge system into easy-to-digest parts or diagrams that anybody could understand or work with. The DriverPass system can be scary on the surface but having these diagrams to show you how and what the system should be doing makes it easier for       the people fixing issues or add any further functionality later on. Having easily readable diagrams can help anyone to understand the system as a whole better making future work easier.
3. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
     If I could change any part of this project it would be either the UML Use Case Diagram or the UML Sequence Diagram as I feel those are the two diagrams I didn't fully understand how to construct. I wish I would've spent more time understanding the true inner workings      of these diagrams as I'm sure they could been slightly better and easier to understand overall.
4. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
     I think I did a great job of capturing the user's needs when it came to designing the diagrams as I truly believe that is one of the key components when it comes to building a system. At the end of the day the customer came to you to help design/build their dream, so      for me to tell them how I think it should be built just feels wrong designing the way they want to my fullest extent is my number one priority when helping build the foundation for this program.
5. How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
     As stated before, my most important aspect when it comes to designing any customer's program would be to come into it with an open mind and let them "run the show" in a way that's possible for both sides. Now obviously that doesn't mean letting them design a system        that would be impossible to design in either the time or budget given for the project. But letting them know what we can do and working around their vision is a big part of bringing someone's program to life.
